
The Chamber of Commerce Project Description
Overview
The Chamber of Commerce Project is a website project that will be built throughout the course. The goal of the project is to meet the course outcomes and objectives through development specifications that match learning activities and assignments. You will select the town, city, municipality, or region, such as your home town, to be the location subject of the site. The project provides opportunities to apply the concepts by planning, designing, developing, and maintaining a website.

For background, a chamber of commerce is typically a local organization of businesses that work together to strengthen the business interests of the group. The intent is to foster business networking and to advocate on the behalf of the community and, for our purposes, advertise the attractions of the city.
What you will build.
These home page screenshot examples are for reference only. Some components and functionality are required at a minimum. The rest will be up to you and your design.

Examples

Description
The overall goal of the chamber of commerce site is to promote the business interests of the members of the organization and promote the area, attracting additional business, tourism, and people. There will be some requirements where upon you may have to embellish with fictitious content as needed in order to meet the developmental requirements of the project.

What is a Chamber of Commerce? - Indeed
Example Chamber Sites

Project Specifications
General Design
The content is custom built with valid, semantic, and contemporary HTML, CSS, and JavaScript technology.
The design is consistent throughout the site providing ease of navigation and supporting positive user experiences.
The site supports responsive design techniques allowing delivery of the site and its content on all classes of devices—from mobile clients to large-wide screens.
Page Specifications
📄 Home - The home page will contain some attention grabbing information along with community information, weather, calls to action, and business spotlights.
📄 Discover - The discover page locale history, current demographics, and current events. An image montage will orient visitors to the area and interesting area sites, etc.
📄 Directory - This page provides a list of local business and other organizations that belong to the chamber of commerce.
📄 Join - This page contains information about the benefit of joining the chamber and a membership application form. There are three membership level options of non-profit, silver, and gold. The different levels have different perks including directory listings, publications, trainings, social media work, luncheons, sponsorships, advertising, etc.
Developmental Specifications
These specifications are driven by the learning outcomes of the course and by specific web design and development concept objectives that are presented in the lessons. Specific developmental specifications will be added to the project as concepts are introduced. The following represent the general objective-based specifications:

The course's development standards are met.
The site is structured with valid, standards-based, semantic markup that is responsive.
The site is styled and presented with valid, standards-based CSS that supports responsive views using media queries and other modern methods.
The site meets functional, content, and behavior specifications that are listed.
The design ensures that the site meets user expectations by providing a positive experience through adhering to standard design principles and utilizing easy-to-use user interfaces.
The published site meets the intent as an applied-learning, assessment interface for the course learning outcomes.
